they drink
we
thinking of presents give a house of
praise a gift voucher amounts from one
pound and they're exchangeable for goods
at any house appraiser store
our Merry Christmas / me no two faces
are the same so we gave the new Finnish
shave floating heads that adapt to every
face no two hairs grow in the same
direction so we gave the new finish a
fast rotary blades that come close in
every direction
new finishes it's designed to get close
to you
Philips simply years ahead cream cake
cheesecake square cakes fruity cake fish
cake piece of cake as the choice
white wine red one green one
boom I thought wine sparkling wine as
the choice
quick subscribe to him to super named
super choice after China
doesn't boat come up with balls married
couple in oh it was cold on blue couch
it's a rather thin so he gave a new
beefeaters by McCain it was like taking
a trip down memory lane leaving the gym
surfing at the to be mother used to make
this more potato paper in every bite you
take party tips there are teachers and
so people who say maybe the chip serving
as Egyptian father used to make nice